# Final Year Project - Improving Customer Feedback Segregation and Prioritization Using Natural Language Processing

<p align='justify'>&emsp;&emsp; It is well established that for DHL, a global delivery service provider, customer as well as employee experience and satisfaction is remarkably important. These can be improved through attending relative feedback to meet their expectations. Currently, the main channel of feedback gathering for DHL is through email. Plus, the company segregates and prioritizes the ample amount of feedback they receive manually. To ensure DHL better serve their customers, in this project we propose a project which aims to organize feedback systematically and rank them according to priority based on urgency and sentiment. The project is developed based on the Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) technique, a method for analyzing complex decisions based on multiple criteria. This technique is applied in the system to obtain the priority score of each feedback using formula. A number of tests were performed using manually generated data to measure and analyze the calculation accuracy of the automated system. Results have shown that while the newly proposed model enables feedback to be segregated and prioritized accordingly based on urgency and sentiment, its shortcomings are also demonstrated and hence, improvements can be made to the system to further improve its accuracy level to ensure smooth and practical operation. These results suggest that the proposed system can effectively organize and prioritize feedback for DHL to aid in the heightening of overall customer and employee experience as well as improving their relationship with their customers and employees by meeting their needs. However, further studies focusing on the formulation and criteria of the system can be carried out for further improvements.</p>
